README.md, before:

pam_ocra
=======

[RFC6287](http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6287) (OCRA) pam module

Limitations
-----------

  - intended target platform is FreeBSD
  - Session DataInput parameter is not supported

Installation
----------------

Use the FreeBSD port security/pam_ocra

Basic Use
--------------

    $ ocra_tool init -f ~foobar/.ocra \
              -s OCRA-1:HOTP-SHA1-6:C-QN08-PSHA1 \
              -k 00112233445566778899aabbccddeeff00112233 \
              -c 10 -w 50 -p 1234

will create the ocra db file ".ocra" in the home directory of user "foobar";
set the OCRA suite, key, counter, counter_window and pin.

if for example /etc/pam.d/sshd has the line

    auth    sufficient    /usr/local/lib/pam_ocra.so

and sshd is configured to use PAM, "foobar" can log in using an OCRA token.

Changelog
---------

- 1.3:

  * fix pam_ocra "dir=" option

  * introduce pam_ocra "rmsg=", "cmsg=" and "nodata=" options

  contributed by Richard Nichols <rdn757@gmail.com>

- 1.2:

  * Constify two local variables to avoid -Wcast-qual warnings:
    https://bugs.freebsd.org/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=198113

- 1.1:

  * change ocra_tool(8) command line interface:
    - 'help' command removed
    - 'init' -P pinhash option added
    - 'init' -c option now also accepts hex counters
    - 'info' output format changed

  * fix ocra_tool counter input:
    the -c counter option did not work for the whole value range of the counter
    paramter.

  * fix gcc builds:
    which where broken due to (cast-qual, format, sign-compare, ...) warnings.

  * fix timstamp_offset verification:
    broken termination condition in timstamp_offset verify loop did not
    account for timstamp_offset==0. The result was that verification would
    suceed for any timestamp.

  * fix counter_window and timstamp_offset verification:
    broken termination condition in counter_window verify loop did not
    account for counter_window==0. The result was that the verification
    would execute MAX_INT times before failing.

  * fix i368 builds:
    incorrect sign-compare and 64bit specific format string triggerd warnings
    which broke the build for i368 targets.

- 1.0: first release

Commit message:

Autotools
- add required files for autotools
- update license and readme

README.md, after:

pam_ocra
=======

[RFC6287](http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6287) (OCRA) pam module

Limitations
-----------

  - intended target platform is GNU/Linux
  - Session DataInput parameter is not supported

Installation
----------------

Use the Linux port security/pam_ocra

  - install berkleydb 5.3
  - install openssl (dev packages with headers)
  - install pam (dev packages with headers)
  - install autotools
  - PREFIX=/path/to/install make -f Makefile.default all
    (runs autotools, configure && make)
  - make install (depending of prefix as root)
  - configure pam to use the library

Basic Use
--------------

    $ ocra_tool init -f ~foobar/.ocra \
              -s OCRA-1:HOTP-SHA1-6:C-QN08-PSHA1 \
              -k 00112233445566778899aabbccddeeff00112233 \
              -c 10 -w 50 -p 1234

will create the ocra db file ".ocra" in the home directory of user "foobar";
set the OCRA suite, key, counter, counter_window and pin.

if for example /etc/pam.d/sshd has the line

    auth    sufficient    /usr/local/lib/pam_ocra.so

and sshd is configured to use PAM, "foobar" can log in using an OCRA token.

Changelog
---------

- 1.4:

  * port code to linux (fork, not compatible with FreeBSD)

  * introduce db_storage for general access to the configuration

  * enclose in autotools

- 1.3:

  * fix pam_ocra "dir=" option

  * introduce pam_ocra "rmsg=", "cmsg=" and "nodata=" options

  contributed by Richard Nichols <rdn757@gmail.com>

- 1.2:

  * Constify two local variables to avoid -Wcast-qual warnings:
    https://bugs.freebsd.org/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=198113

- 1.1:

  * change ocra_tool(8) command line interface:
    - 'help' command removed
    - 'init' -P pinhash option added
    - 'init' -c option now also accepts hex counters
    - 'info' output format changed

  * fix ocra_tool counter input:
    the -c counter option did not work for the whole value range of the counter
    paramter.

  * fix gcc builds:
    which where broken due to (cast-qual, format, sign-compare, ...) warnings.

  * fix timstamp_offset verification:
    broken termination condition in timstamp_offset verify loop did not
    account for timstamp_offset==0. The result was that verification would
    suceed for any timestamp.

  * fix counter_window and timstamp_offset verification:
    broken termination condition in counter_window verify loop did not
    account for counter_window==0. The result was that the verification
    would execute MAX_INT times before failing.

  * fix i368 builds:
    incorrect sign-compare and 64bit specific format string triggerd warnings
    which broke the build for i368 targets.

- 1.0: first release
